# Scrypto

[![CI](https://github.com/radixdlt/radixdlt-scrypto/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/radixdlt/radixdlt-scrypto/actions/workflows/ci.yml)

Language for building DeFi apps on Radix.

Documentation: https://docs.radixdlt.com/docs/scrypto-1

## Scrypto Development

To set up your development environment, please following the instructions on https://docs.radixdlt.com/docs/getting-rust-scrypto.

## Contribute

To learn more about how to contribute to this project, read the [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md).

## License

The executable components of the Scrypto Code including libraries, CLIs and docker images, are licensed under the [Radix Software EULA](http://www.radixdlt.com/terms/genericEULA).


The code in this repository is released under the [Radix License 1.0 (modified Apache 2.0)](LICENSE):

```
Copyright 2023 Radix Publishing Ltd incorporated in Jersey, Channel Islands.

Licensed under the Radix License, Version 1.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at:
https://www.radixfoundation.org/licenses/license-v1

The Licensor hereby grants permission for the Canonical version of the Work to
be published, distributed and used under or by reference to the Licensor’s
trademark Radix® and use of any unregistered trade names, logos or get-up.

The Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its Contributions)
on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either
express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties or conditions
of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.

Whilst the Work is capable of being deployed, used and adopted (instantiated) to
create a distributed ledger it is your responsibility to test and validate the
code, together with all logic and performance of that code under all foreseeable
scenarios.

The Licensor does not make or purport to make and hereby excludes liability for
all and any representation, warranty or undertaking in any form whatsoever,
whether express or implied, to any entity or person, including any
representation, warranty or undertaking, as to the functionality security use,
value or other characteristics of any distributed ledger nor in respect the
functioning or value of any tokens which may be created stored or transferred
using the Work.

The Licensor does not warrant that the Work or any use of the Work complies with
any law or regulation in any territory where it may be implemented or used or
that it will be appropriate for any specific purpose.

Neither the licensor nor any current or former employees, officers, directors,
partners, trustees, representatives, agents, advisors, contractors, or
volunteers of the Licensor shall be liable for any direct or indirect, special,
incidental, consequential or other losses of any kind, in tort, contract or
otherwise (including but not limited to loss of revenue, income or profits, or
loss of use or data, or loss of reputation, or loss of any economic or other
opportunity of whatsoever nature or howsoever arising), arising out of or in
connection with (without limitation of any use, misuse, of any ledger system or
use made or its functionality or any performance or operation of any code or
protocol caused by bugs or programming or logic errors or otherwise);

A. any offer, purchase, holding, use, sale, exchange or transmission of any
cryptographic keys, tokens or assets created, exchanged, stored or arising from
any interaction with the Work;

B. any failure in a transmission or loss of any token or assets keys or other
digital artifacts due to errors in transmission;

C. bugs, hacks, logic errors or faults in the Work or any communication;

D. system software or apparatus including but not limited to losses caused by
errors in holding or transmitting tokens by any third-party;

E. breaches or failure of security including hacker attacks, loss or disclosure
of password, loss of private key, unauthorised use or misuse of such passwords
or keys;

F. any losses including loss of anticipated savings or other benefits resulting
from use of the Work or any changes to the Work (however implemented).

You are solely responsible for; testing, validating and evaluation of all
operation logic, functionality, security and appropriateness of using the Work
for any commercial or non-commercial purpose and for any reproduction or
redistribution by You of the Work. You assume all risks associated with Your use
of the Work and the exercise of permissions under this Licence.
```


The code includes modified third party work which is reproduced here pursuant to the Apache 2.0 licensing regime.
Where third party software has been used this is identified together with the appropriate open-source licence.